You are the thief
This card was given to my dad by my stepmother
How could it be stolen?
Stepmother hum
You have a stepmother
Could it be your father?
Where did you find an 80-year-old rich woman?
Stole his card
What nonsense are you talking about?
My stepmother is young and beautiful
Young and beautiful woman
How can you possibly like your father?
picture him what?
Tuta egg fried rice is well fried
My egg fried rice is really good
Hahaha, okay, okay.
You are amazing, even with people like you
You find a rich woman
It should be that kind.
An old and ugly old fat woman, right?
Hum okay baby
Don't talk nonsense with these people
Come
Arrest these thieves for me
Break your hands and feet and throw them out
Why do you call my dad a thief?
You're still being stubborn
Your dad admitted it himself
This card is not his.
It wasn't stolen by the uncle
You really don't cry when you see the coffin?
Stealing from someone else is a felony
Enough to feed you for years of fucking trouble
Dad, don't worry, a little misunderstanding
I'll fix it with a phone call.
Why are you calling?
Could it be
Get ready to call your 80-year-old rich woman to intercede
Wang Xiaoyan, shut up for me
I poked the sore spot, right?
For the sake of everyone's classmates
I'll give you a trick
How about you?
No need to intercede with that 80-year-old rich woman
Just intercede for us again
Hey, so
Don't say I didn't give you a chance.
The shoes promised by our family are dirty.
You let your useless dad
Come and lick the shoes we promised
Forget it today